Update `README.md` to fix the installation and integration (#5126)
optuna/optuna: README.md

study.optimize(objective, n_trials=100)  # Invoke optimization of the objective function.
```

## Installation

Optuna is available at [the Python Package Index](https://pypi.org/project/optuna/) and on [Anaconda Cloud](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/optuna).

```bash
# PyPI
$ pip install optuna
```

```bash
# Anaconda Cloud
$ conda install -c conda-forge optuna
```

Optuna supports Python 3.7 or newer.

Also, we also provide Optuna docker images on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/optuna/optuna).

## Examples

Examples can be found in [optuna/optuna-examples](https://github.com/optuna/optuna-examples).

## Integrations

> Optuna has integration features with various 3rd party libraries. Integrations are found in [optuna/optuna-integration](https://github.com/optuna/optuna-integration) and the document is [here](https://optuna-integration.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html). This includes integrations with libraries such as the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optuna has integration features with various third-party libraries. Integrations can be found in [optuna/optuna-integration](https://github.com/optuna/optuna-integration) and the document is available [here](https://optuna-integration.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html). Integrations support libraries such as the following:
```
